use magicmime (#6869)
owncloud/ocis: services/policies/README.md

To identify available keys for OPA, you need to look at [engine.go](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/services/policies/pkg/engine/engine.go) and the [policies.swagger.json](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/protogen/gen/ocis/services/policies/v0/policies.swagger.json) file. Note that which keys are available depends on from which module it is used.

> ### Extend mimetype file extension mapping
> 
> In rego it is possible to get a list of associated file extensions based on a mimetype, e.g. 'ocis.mimetype.extensions("application/pdf")'.
> 
> The list of mappings is restricted by default and is provided by the host system.
> 
> In order to extend this list, oCis must be provided with the path to a mime.types file.
> 
> This can be done via yaml configuration or an environment variable.
> 
> ```shell
> export OCIS_MACHINE_AUTH_API_KEY=$OCIS_HOME/mime.types
> ```
> 
> ```yaml
> policies:
>   engine:
>     mimes: OCIS_HOME/mime.types
> ```
> 
> A good example of how such a file should be formatted can be found in the [apache svn repository](https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpd/httpd/trunk/docs/conf/mime.types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extend Mimetype File Extension Mapping

In the extended set of the rego query language, it is possible to get a list of associated file extensions based on a mimetype, a call like `ocis.mimetype.extensions("application/pdf")`.

The list of mappings is restricted by default and is provided by the host system ocis is installed on.

In order to extend this list, ocis must be provided with the path to a custom `mime.types` file that maps mimetypes to extensions. The location for the file must be accessible by all instances of the policy service. As a rule of thumb, use the directory where the ocis configuration files are stored. Note that existing mappings from the host are extended by the definitions from the mime types file, but not replaced.

The path to that file can be provided via a yaml configuration or an environment variable. Note to replace the `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR` string by an existing path.

```shell
export OCIS_MACHINE_AUTH_API_KEY=OCIS_CONFIG_DIR/mime.types
```

```yaml
policies:
  engine:
    mimes: OCIS_CONFIG_DIR/mime.types
```

A good example of how such a file should be formatted can be found in the [Apache svn repository](https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/httpd/httpd/trunk/docs/conf/mime.types).
```
